Yes ✅ you’ve got the idea — but let me break it down clearly so you don’t run into surprises:


---

🔹 How Cloudflare Tunnel works with your setup

1. You already have:

Django app running behind Apache on your laptop

PostgreSQL running locally (only Django/Apache need it, it won’t be exposed to the internet)



2. Install cloudflared (the Cloudflare Tunnel client) on your laptop:

sudo apt install cloudflared

or download from Cloudflare’s site.


3. Authenticate cloudflared with your Cloudflare account:

cloudflared tunnel login

(It will open a browser to connect your Cloudflare account with your domain.)


4. Create and run a tunnel to your Apache port:

cloudflared tunnel --url http://localhost:80

If Apache is serving your Django site at port 80 already, this is enough.

If you’re running Django with runserver on port 8000, use:

cloudflared tunnel --url http://localhost:8000



5. Cloudflare gives you a URL like:

https://random-name.trycloudflare.com




---

🔹 Connecting with your Namecheap domain

Now instead of using that random URL, you want pen.com.

In your Namecheap DNS settings, add a CNAME record:

pen.com   CNAME   random-name.trycloudflare.com

Once DNS propagates (can take a few minutes), visiting pen.com on any device will forward through Cloudflare Tunnel → to your Apache → to Django → and PostgreSQL behind the scenes.



---

🔹 Important Notes

PostgreSQL is NOT exposed — only your web server (Apache). That’s good ✅.

Your laptop must stay powered on and connected to the internet for the site to work.

Free Cloudflare Tunnel sessions reset if you stop the tunnel — for production, you’d want a named tunnel that runs as a service (so it starts automatically).



---

✅ So yes: if you do those steps, when someone browses pen.com from another device, they’ll see your Django website served by your laptop.


---

Do you want me to show you the step-by-step for creating a permanent Cloudflare Tunnel service (so you don’t need to restart it every time manually)?


